Homer: When I first heard that Marge was joining the police academy, I thought it would be fun and zany, like that movie -- Spaceballs. But instead it was dark and disturbing like that movie, Police Academy.
Homer: When I look at the smiles on all the childrens faces. Just know theyre about to jab me with something.
Homer: When will I learn? The answer to lifes problems arent at the bottom of a bottle, theyre on TV!
Homer: Yeah Moe that team sure did suck last night. They just plain sucked! Ive seen teams suck before, but they were the suckiest bunch of sucks that ever sucked! Oh, I gotta go, my damn weiner kids are listening.
Homer: Yes, honey ... Just squeeze your rage up into a bitter little ball and release it at an appropriate time, like that day I hit the referee with the whiskey bottle.
Homer: Lisa, remember me as I am - filled with murderous rage. (y2k disaster)
Bart: I didn't do it, no one saw me do it, there's no way you can prove anything!
Bart: Christmas is a time when people of all religions come together to worship Jesus Christ. 
Bart: I've said it before, and I'll say it again...aye carumba!
Bart: Who's the black private dick that's a sex machine with all the chicks?
Bart: There's no such thing as a soul. It's just something they made up to scare kids, like the boogeyman or Michael Jackson.
Moe: I'll use your head as a bucket and paint my house with your brains
Homer: Every time I learn something new, it pushes some old stuff out of my brain. Remember when I took that home winemaking course, and I forgot how to drive?
Homer: To alcohol! The cause of- and solution to- all of life's problems
Homer: Don't let Krusty's death get you down, boy. People die all the time, just like that. Why, you could wake up dead tomorrow! Well, good night. 
Homer: Kids, kids. As far as Daddy's concerned, you're both potential murderers.
Homer: Oh, people can come up with statistics to prove anything. 14% of people know that.
Bart: What's Santa's Little Helper doing to that dog? Looks like he's trying to jump over, but he can't quite make it.
Ralph: When the doctor said I didn't have worms any more, that was the happiest day of my life.
Homer: Ha ha! Look at this country! ? U R Gay!? Ha ha! (Uruguay)
Homer: I am so smart, I am so smart, s-m-r-t....I mean s-m-A-r-t.
Ralph: That's where I saw the leprechaun! He told me to burn things.
Bart: Inside every hardened criminal beats the heart of a ten-year-old boy.
Bart: You know, I've done a lot of bad stuff through the years. I guess now I'm paying the price. But there's so many things I'll never get a chance to do: smoke a cigarette, use a fake ID, shave a swear word in my hair.
Bart: I think its ironic that for once dad's butt prevented the release of toxic gas
Bart: Why would anyone want to hurt me? I'm this century's Dennis the Menace!
Moe: I'll use your head as a bucket and paint my house with your brains
Bart: Aren't we forgeting the true meaning of Christmas? You know, the birth of Santa.
Bart: What's Santa's Little Helper doing to that dog? Looks like he's trying to jump over, but he can't quite make it. 
Bart: I can't stand to see you so upset, Lis, unless it's from a rubber spider down your dress - Hmm, that gives me an idea note for later: put rubber spider down Lisa's dress. 
Bart: I don't know! I don't know why I did it, I don't know why I enjoyed it, and I don't know why I'll do it again!
Bart: What if you're a really good person, but you get into a really, really bad fight and your leg gets gangrene and it has to be amputated. Will it be waiting for you in heaven?
Bart: Remember, you can always find East by staring directly at the sun.
Lisa: Do we have any food that wasn't brutally slaughtered?
Lisa: Mr Gumble, this is a girl scouts meeting.
Lisa: Dad, don't you think you're overreacting? 
Lisa: I'd like to beleive that this time, I really would. 
Marge: Homer, is this how you pictured married life? 
Marge: This is the worst thing you've ever done. 
Marge: Grandpa, you said that about all the presents.
Marge: I'm worried about the kids, Homey. Lisa's becoming very obsessive. This morning I caught her trying to dissect her own raincoat.
Marge: Chief Wiggum? my husbands gone crazy and is trying to murder my family; OVER
Chief Wiggum: Put out an APB on a Uosdwis R. Dewoh. Uh, better start with Greektown.
Chief Wiggum: Fat Tony is a cancer on this fair city! He is the cancer and I am the ... uh ... what cures cancer? 
Chief Wiggum: Well let me ask you this: shut up. 
Chief Wiggum: Sideshow Bob has no decency.  He called me Chief Piggum. (laughs) Oh wait, I get it, he's all right. 
Chief Wiggum: This is Papa Bear. Put out an APB for a male suspect, driving a... car of some sort, heading in the direction of, uh, you know, that place that sells chili. Suspect is hatless. Repeat, hatless.
Apu: Thank you, come again
Apu: Will this bewitching floozy, seduce this humble newsie? Oh, what's a paperboy to...doooo?
Apu: Please do not offer my god a peanut. 
Apu: Tonight Iím going to party like itís on sale for $19.99! 
Apu: Mr.Simpson--A Twizzler is not a sprinkle...A Mounds is not a sprinkle...A Jolly Rancher is NOT a sprinkle!!!! 
Apu: I won't lie to you. On this job, you will be shot at. 
Barney: Hello, my name is Barney Gumble, and I'm an alcoholic.
Barney: Hey, Homer, I'm worried about the beer supply. After this case, and the other case, there's only one case left. 
Barney: 40 dollars!? This better be the best damn beer ever.. [drinks beer] You got lucky.
Barney: Hey, can I throw up in your bathroom? I'll buy something. 
Carl: I dunno. Somethin' about being gay.
Carl: Oh no! Homer's going over those falls!
Carl: Yeah, one of those AMERICAN robot cars. 
Carl: Vengeance isn't too bad either. 
Carl: According to the map, the cabin should be right here.
Carl: You know I'm sick and tired of people assuming I'm good at basketball just because Im African American. (Slam Dunks the ball)
Cletus: Now, Now, Hun, they're my parents too... 
Cletus: Hey slow down I wants to talk to ya! Give us 300 pretzels! 
Cletus: I dont think so, you see I got 300 coupons. 
Cletus: All right youngens, bath time. Cover up your eyes and drop your britches! Who wants wax?
Cletus: Stranger! You're tresspassin' on my dirt farm!
Comic Book Guy: These "Bat Pants" have been shredded by the Riddler.
Comic Book Guy: But, Aquaman, you cannot marry a woman without gills. You're from two different worlds... Oh, I've wasted my life.
Comic Book Guy: Oh, loneliness and cheeseburgers are a dangerous mix.
Comic Book Guy: Last night's 'Itchy and Scratchy Show' was, without a doubt, the worst episode ever. Rest assured, I was on the internet within minutes, registering my disgust throughout the world.
Comic Book Guy: Stop right there! I have the only working fazer ever built. It was fired only once to keep William Shatner from making another album.
Flanders: They've broken every commandment except one.
Flanders: I've done everything the Bible says - even the stuff that contradicts the other stuff! 
Flanders: Bless the grocer for this wonderful meat, the middleman who jacked up the price, and let's not forget the humane but determined boys at the slaughterhouse.
Flanders: Oh, golly, if that doesn't put the shaz in shazam. Oh listen, what's the cash value of those tickets so I can report it on my income taxes?